# Security Policy

## Reporting a Vulnerability

At Homelab-Alpha, we prioritize the security and integrity of [Homelab-Alpha's
website] and [Homelab-Alpha's GitHub repositories]. If you discover any security
vulnerabilities or issues within our shell-script repository, please promptly
report them to Homelab-Alpha by [creating a new security report]. Your
assistance in identifying and resolving potential security risks is greatly
appreciated.

## Supported Versions

We are committed to providing security updates for the following versions:

- The latest stable release
- The previous stable release (if applicable)

To ensure the continued security, we strongly advise utilizing one of these
supported versions and promptly applying any available security patches and
updates.

## Third-Party Dependencies

[Homelab-Alpha's website] and [Homelab-Alpha's GitHub repositories] may utilize
third-party components and dependencies beyond our direct control. While we
strive to maintain the integrity and security of these dependencies, we cannot
guarantee their absolute safety. Users are encouraged to conduct their own
thorough assessments of any third-party.

## Limitation of Liability

By utilizing [Homelab-Alpha's website] and [Homelab-Alpha's GitHub
repositories], you expressly acknowledge and agree that Homelab-Alpha and its
contributors shall not be held liable for any damages, losses, or security
breaches arising from the use of [Homelab-Alpha's website] and [Homelab-Alpha's
GitHub repositories] or related components. This includes, but is not limited
to, any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages, as well
as any loss of profits, data, or business opportunities.

## Indemnification

You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Homelab-Alpha and its affiliates,
directors, officers, employees, agents, and contributors from and against any
claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs, or expenses (including reasonable
attorneys' fees) arising from or related to your use of our [Homelab-Alpha's
website] and [Homelab-Alpha's GitHub repositories], including but not limited to
any breaches of security, violations of applicable laws or regulations, or
infringement of third-party rights.

## Security Best Practices

Users are advised to adhere to security best practices, including but not
limited to regular software updates, strong password policies, and secure coding
practices. Homelab-Alpha recommends following these practices to enhance
deployment security and minimize the risk of breaches or unauthorized access.

[Homelab-Alpha's website]: https://homelab-alpha.nl
[Homelab-Alpha's GitHub repositories]: https://github.com/homelab-alpha
[creating a new security report]:
  https://github.com/homelab-alpha/shell-script/issues/new?assignees=homelab-alpha&labels=security&projects=&template=security_report.yml
